hi guys welcome back to another video
it is another 20 for a food challenge I
am going to be eating like a Victoria's
Secret model
Sammy wallet for 24 hours my first
thoughts I feel like I'm gonna be hungry
I think quite a few of the youtubers do
the Victoria Secret model challenge for
like a day a week that kind of thing and
again I haven't actually seen that many
UK youtubers do it so I really wanted to
give this one a go
I'm heading to the gym that this morning
but first I'm gonna start with breakfast
I don't have got so much energy right
now because usually first thing I do
gonna come downstairs is make myself a
coffee but not today we're just gonna
get straight into it last night I went
to Tesco and I got bits for breakfast I
didn't manage to find the exact same
brands as Sanna obviously because I'm in
the UK so some of the brands are lit she
couldn't find however I was gonna do the
full shop in Tesco but there was
literally there weren't many options so
I'm gonna go to Waitrose later on just
because I think the selection there
might be a bit better and I know the
most of the food that she was eating
with organic so I know there's some
really good like options there so this
is what I picked up from Tesco I was
quite impressed because I managed to
find quite a lot of like really sinister
so this is the Alper plain yogurt maybe
sawyer and coconut
it's completely plant-based like Sana's
as well and it was a last one so I've
really impressed that I managed to get
that but I also checked the sugars just
a little tip if you do go supermarket
shopping and pick up like the low-fat
options usually they always pump a lot
more sugar into those and I loved her
video cuz it was so she seems so chilled
down to earth and like relatable and she
wasn't eating anything drastic I've
never watched a model white in a day
video so I kind of just thought it was
just gonna be like silent and drink
coffee but I think I don't need to cook
my coffee because I can actually have
like for me sometimes more food copy the
day and then I picked up there
deliciously la and naughty granola and
this was like the most similar thing
because the ingredient she had in her
granola like I couldn't find in Tesco so
I just got this one and it was quite low
sugar compared to the other one vegan
friendly gruesome free bananas a Kiwi
tan I ate the Kiwi like with the hair on
that be the first I've never done that
before I already have some tumeric in
but I'll just put some earth is she had
like tumeric granola that's got loads of
health benefits and it's like really
good for information some ginger and
some mint leaves like in terms of tea I
have had like mint tea and ginger tears
rug because when I've got a bad storm
I'll always have a ginger tea but just
in like tea bag form kind of like
potatoes I think I need to shade the
only home had meant you know like a
drink like this is definitely just under
heat oh she didn't use like that much
coconut unless yogurt really
[Music]
so here we have it it actually looks
quite similar to hers and just I don't
know how this is gonna go down with the
hairy Kiwi though okay and now here we
have my green tree and green drink this
kind of reminds me of the green food
challenge I did if you haven't seen that
definitely check that one out as well
it's actually smells really nice it lets
you and I keep saying it it reminds it
Mohito that's really nice actually like
I quite liked he never be different to
my morning coffee though I am gonna miss
that you know it makes things up I'm
gonna start with the kingly just kind of
three more nutrients in the actual skin
but I don't think I choose to eat this
game because it doesn't feel that nice
and I've got a textured referee this is
quite some area breakfast I guess but I
probably have the exact on holiday or
something but my sort of normal berry
breakfast is porridge oats would like my
toppings on or egg on toast like that
spoke my favorite quite like warm
breakfast I'm not much of a nifty common
person as well I'm not really feeling
this granola but to be fair it's not
that bad because it's only about a few
mouthfuls isn't it the coconut yogurt is
so nice we really got that game for sure
wash this down with my leaf tea choice
shouldn't eat the actual tender as well
so that is breakfast done I only eat
sort of stuff at that makes you feel
nice I'm still kind of hungry and I
think my portion sizes are so big
compared to that usually so you know
[Music]
I've just got finished in the gym so
when I first walked in it was literally
like pretty empty
I set the tripod up I was just in my
zone listen to music I turned that round
it was jam-packed and I was to get such
bad gym anxiety like sometimes I'd
literally walk out if it's too busy and
now to think that I can watch I put it
out and crack on I'm rather peckish now
my car smells so glorious right now I
wish you could have a little smell
because it's been cleaned and I've got a
new air freshener I've got this Yankee
Candle summer scoot so wait just got
here
I'm really hungry now that breakfast did
not turn right onto some really good
organic choices this
and subscribe to it except they're not
Goody's obviously not all for today so
I'm just gonna start making some lunch
I'm literally starving like not real to
eat like this every day I mean girl for
from breakfast so nice to get organic
her soft cheese this rye bread which
I've never tried before so that should
be interesting and a cucumber I'm heavy
actually they're quite thick and they're
quite big have you ever seen any to read
with oh it's actually a tree you just
popped an egg in there wow I love
avocado
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so here's the finished Oh falling
off here's the finished little
combination you different it does
actually look really nice but I wouldn't
be something I'd pick I think the only
thing I've ever eaten just wouldn't egg
on it so if you even have eggs I usually
have like three or like just a ton of
egg whites so this is a little bit
different I feel like there's something
missing on here like me or just another
egg words have just been lovely I'm not
sure if I'm going to like this cheese
but I love avocado and harrassed he's
like my favorite thing ever good oh this
is actually really nice with the egg
combo the Rye bread is like it's quite
bitter this is quite dry like it's quite
hard to achieve
[Music]
that was a bit of a funny one I feel
like that would have been a really nice
minute if I had like some more egg in
their own and a fella cooked the egg
properly it was just kind of dry like
maybe it's you've the rye bread but I
brought I'm still quite peckish that'd
just be a snack for me like that mean
just there that would hold you just be
like you know a little pre gym snack
feel like I'm wasting away today
back again we're back in the kitchen
this time it is sports snack this time
we're going for a bit of a smoothie now
this definitely was thought it wouldn't
really be my usual snack all right if I
always have a snack how you sometimes
have like a protein shake with peanut
butter and banana and I'm so bad for not
getting enough greens inside if this
goes well I'll definitely be using this
recipe dude you look really nice on
sunny sunny and some maca powder mango
chilies spinach I couldn't find baby
spinach and this is frozen some kale and
unsweetened almond milk and the banana
stop
Mansa got a real deep green color
I feel I can taste anything but Caleb
like I've just put my lawnmower tremens
into a blender with it I think I've got
too much green your room it's okay I
just I don't think it been my drink of
choice and the protein I put in doesn't
go there at all not my protein powder I
didn't know for me right
guess what time it is in a time feels
like I have long awaited verge moment
and I'm actually I think I'm most
looking forward to this meal because it
just can't really go too wrong and I
think it'll taste really good chicken
noodle dish by the looks of things was
like almond butter so that about alone
that was job done that's a good meal for
me don't mind me and literally I need
out I always forget about that and it
cut himself here so plenty notes and
he's making my eyes water but really I'm
crying because I'm probably stuffing
so the garlic fresh ginger a splash of
rice vinegar then you got a bit of
coconut cream and then squeeze half a
lime nothing's coming out of there well
we're not happen to this lot and then
juicer didn't manage to get any zucchini
noodles but I think then she just like
finely chopped cautious and I went to if
you like something if she did in the
tell them so must try cut up some
courgettes and see where we get right
you just try I don't quite think that as
the key noodles but you know have enough
to do
oh this actually looks so good and pour
the sauce
that actually looks amazing
and I'm sorry impressed that I think
that's gonna be really really nice that
is so good I literally love half an
doesn't use anything artificial and
she's really lot observant of what's
actually in store and this is so nice
like I'm a hundred percent going to make
this another time
it looks you taste so good I'm so good
on this recipe I'm sure it's just full
of goodness as well this is the moment
I've been looking forward to all day
long if you have followed me for a while
you'll know my obsession with chocolate
I don't go a day without chocolate and
neither does my girl sans 85% dark
chocolate and she had two pieces I don't
think I've ever had two pieces of
chocolate in my life I've always tried
that whole oh yeah I'll just have to but
then I end up going back for more which
sometimes turns into the whole bar so
here's my tooth if they are actually
quite big to be said I'm just gonna
enjoy my chocolate now over all that
chat that hasn't actually been a bad
challenge asphalt like there are a lot
of things that I sort of have in my day
to die anyway but then the only major
difference was literally the portion
sizes were a lot smaller and a chocolate
stitch that was it she thank you so much
for watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and like this video and
I'll see you guys in the next one